hey guys it stacked right here and today
I'm going to show you how the text for
free absolutely free with an Android
device
well this tutorial Android voice I will
be covering the iPhone iPod Touch any
Apple devices later videos but with the
Android device you do not need a sim at
all you do not need like say you have an
Android tablet or any other other
Android devices we does not come with
the sim or you do don't have a sim as
long as you have Wi-Fi you can text a
number for free and this is I believe
one of the apps I only know that can do
it and I'm here to show you I looked
around on the web and wasn't a video so
I decided to make a tutorial
alright so without further ado let's get
started so first you want to go to the
Play Store if I can play store let's
zoom in a bit I'm a bit and you want to
search well let's keep this on the
ground so it's easy for me and you you
want to search text plus I'm going to
have it so that's the spelling T XT
plus-10 you want to get the free one
there is a gold plus gold free the gold
edition which is $2.99 and does not
offer as many features as be worth
buying but I'll put that in the
description if you want to actually see
more info on it but let's go click the
free one and all you want to do is is
click install accept download wait till
it downloads 10% battery running low Lee
doesn't stop
all right so you so it's finished
downloading so I'll just click on that
so once he finished ex-boss um you want
to go ahead and open it up you can use
your shortcut or you can just use what I
just showed you right there
and it'll ask you for an account and you
can use computer to create this account
but since he already here let's go ahead
and create an account so I'll fill this
up and I'll get right back to you all
right so I filled up my info and this is
it so I am in Canada and Loney allows
you to text from Canada or u.s.a and
name you can put that as a fake name
obviously that isn't my real name
male/female so a mail my username my
password my email you can put this as
fake it does not matter I verified that
I'm tested that out and your birthdate
has to be over 18 make sure you do that
okay
and this allows you to sync contacts and
this obviously agree the term and use I
don't know if you could see that but now
you can okay so
agree to terms and sync contacts which
is good if you already have a phone with
contacts just no texting and you need to
eat something text and text bus is there
for you okay so let's go ahead and click
done here we go registering hopefully
this works okay so this is just a
disclaimer that I don't know if you can
read that but at X + 9 1 service has
certain limitations vs. traditional 911
please be prepared to provide your
location to the 911 operator so this you
can be used as an emergency phone well
any emergency phone without a SIM any
phone with how the sim can be used as
emergency call 911 so just click I
understand let's click it twice ok so
now you have four columns at the top
four columns rows columns comes at the
top this is for texting this is for
calling this is your your your history
of calls not text and this is your
contact so I have contacts here texting
here so I can go ahead and send a
message
and this you need credit for that's the
only downside but texting is amazing
because you get your own number if I
haven't mentioned that before I don't
think I mentioned ID before but you get
what you get in this is you get your own
number from your area so you get an
actual number which another phone can
text you directly from without them
having Wi-Fi so let's go ahead and send
a message to my dad's phone okay so
let's just type in hmm okay so let's
just type in a message so pan on a send
my message and it you come up with this
screen get a free text plus number to
talk text and share with your friends
why get a number the reason why is so
you can actually text to your friends
directly using a legitimate number which
I don't even know how they do it but
that's amazing so let's go ahead and get
a number so it's getting a list and it
will ask you for your province or state
you're in if you're in America and I'm
an Ontario so let's go ahead and all
Acts ask you for your city too so let's
just go and click Toronto I'm not in
Toronto by the way mmm
and it gives you a number so my number
is one six four seven six nine seven
four three four I six your text message
will now be sent so now that's my dad's
phone so see if it comes through hope it
comes through and you do need Wi-Fi okay
that was pretty loud so you do need
Wi-Fi for this and again you can see six
four seven six nine seven four three
five six and that is my number
you do need Wi-Fi with the phone with
the device you're texting with Android
device you're texting with you couldn't
be using and can be using an Android
tablet and you can't even get a
legitimate company how crazy is that if
you think about that
and you don't need Wi-Fi to receive from
here since it goes directly to your
messages and just a just type of the
password but just to prove that it is
there we go it does as it's a text
message okay so I think that's all that
has to be covered so lastly in
conclusion you can text from this phone
to this phone using Wi-Fi from this this
device I should say device because you
can use this you can use this on an
Android tablet is for the source a so
this device to this device using Wi-Fi
on this device this has to be a cellular
phone phone connected to networks a bell
Rogers AT&T anything so as long as in
your in the USA or Canada you can text
for free hope this helped you if this
did help you I will be posting more
videos and one for Apple how to text for
free on Apple device instead of an
Android device which I covered on this
video so stay tuned to stay tuned to
that please subscribe button click a
like if it helped you if you have a
question on text + to leave in the
comments I'll be more than more than
glad to help you or you can even
personal message be and I'll help you so
thanks for watching again peace